OK. OK. OK. Go ahead and get
started.
So the first one here,
continuing from last time will
be a complex scene. So you will
see a busy scene and describe
what you see and what is
happening.
In as much detail as you can,
but take between three and five
minutes. As I said, I will let
you know when you hit three
minutes and if you have more to
say, you can go ahead and finish
that up.
Does that sound good?
Hey.
OK, you can start when you're
ready.
Whoa.
Yeah, it's a lot.
Don't.
It's really hard to see.
#START_ancient_rome OK, this
looks like a gladiators'.
Area with a big crowd and
apparently.
Some officials over in one
section of that this must be the
the head honchos.
And inside there are a number of
horses, tigers.
Ohh.
Men with loincloths and.
Weapons.
Shields.
There's someone in the swimming
pool here. Maybe he's out to
lunch.
There's a group of horses with a
chariot and it seemed to be
dragging somebody behind it.
A number of these.
There're general chaos and
mayhem. We've got a group of
lions who are climbing on each
others trying to get into the
stands to possibly eat the
people. {we've got here 2000
years ago. Fun and games in
ancient Rome.}
Glad I wasn't there.
Uh.
And I don't see anybody dying or
seeming to be hurt, strangely
enough.
People just seem to be
generally. It's hard to tell if
they're angry and we've got
somebody sweeping up a fire
here. It's almost as though this
was common, a common occurrence
during the day.
In this in Rome.
As I say, nobody seems to be
sick or or hurt, despite the
fact that there is some.
There's just a lot going on,
yeah.
And lions are walking around and
don't seem to be after anybody
eating anybody, so that's oddly.
Umm.
People are getting along well
together and and creatures are
getting along well together,
despite the fact that you one
would think that they'd be
fearsome.
So there's kind of a a
disconnect there.
It is an arena, clearly a place
where things are. People come to
watch things happen. So even
though it appears to be an
ordinary day for the people
inside the arena.
It's hard to say what they are,
what's special about what
they're watching, because it
looks like a very standard kind
of a day.
We've got a guy here with a
looks like a javelin. I don't
know where he thinks he's going
to throw it. It's a pitchfork on
the ground and other people with
pitchforks. So they do have
implements. I guess. I can't
call them weapons. They must be
things that they are using to in
an everyday kind of way.
Nobody seems to be particularly
upset and nobody is ganging up
on anybody other than the Lions
who are trying to get into the
stands.
And that's pretty much it.
#END_ancient_rome OK, great.
So then we can.
Next one it's again a complex
scene.
OK.
#START_waldo_1 This looks like a
city street.
{Oh, here we are. My name is
Waldo. Let me just look here,
OK. On a worldwide hike.
We have to find Waldo,
apparently.
OK, I've got everything I need.
I'm probably not traveling on my
own. Wherever I go, there are
lots of other characters. OK,
first find wolf.
Well, you can see his tail,
Wenda wizard, white Beard and
odlaw, so.
Then.
We're looking for 25 Waldo
watchers. OK, well, first we're
looking for a tail.
Goodness.
Yeah, we can just start
describing the skip that, skip
that. OK I guess we're looking
for he is on a worldwide hike,
OK.} In this city Street there
is a roundabout.
Where people where the direction
of traffic seems to be in One
Direction clockwise.
And there are places that it
looks like a restaurants here
there are houses person living
in one section for Oh no that's
a gas station. Sorry. So there
are they are and here I see a it
looks like a maybe a fire truck.
So it's a place where people are
conducting business.
And other places to eat along
the street and the number of
people who are.
Walking around and going places.
We have a scene here where
people are.
Jousting, looks like, up on top
of a of a building. It looks if
they're trying to build a
building, but a couple of people
are fooling around.
Can't tell what they are, mops?
And they've got some birds up
there.
That's.
On the ground.
And birds flying.
That's a little bit.
They don't know what's going on
up there. It's a roof deck.
And there are other people up on
roof decks.
And coming out of the third
floor of one building onto the
roof.
So things are happening on every
level. People are hanging out of
their windows. Apparently it's
either very hot.
Or.
They just want to see what's
going on.
We have a fountain in the middle
and a guy is gotten himself with
snorkeling gear on is being
pushed up by the water, the
pressure of the water, and here
is a statue of some Archer.
So some warrior from the past,
apparently because these people
are not, are dressed.
Fairly much as people might be
today.
{OK. That was three minutes, OK.
Ohh.}
Looks as if there are a number
of buildings here that are
similar but different, so people
would be able to find their way.
Here's another it looks like an
apartment house with people
inside of it.
Near and far kind of candy
candy colored houses, Blues and
pinks and yellows.
Uh, and there are flat roofs and
there are peaked roofs. {I'm a
builder, so I notice these
things not having much going on
in the actual drawing, but it's
what I notice} looks like a
theater here in the foreground.
Umm.
Somebody on a motorcycle making
some noise appears to be. And
then there's a group down here,
people in the street.
Looking up?
There is a person with a dog.
That's not the dog we're looking
for. Several dogs here greeting
each other too, so it looks like
an ordinary day in Beantown or
wherever it may be. #END_waldo_1
We're looking for his key. Are
we looking for those things,
cameras and so forth. OK, good,
because see them.
That was good. That was about 5
minutes, OK.
OK, so moving on to the next
one. Instead of 1 picture, now
we have several pages that tell
a story. Again, please describe
what you see and what is
happening, and I'll let you know
when you've taken 10 minutes,
but we're aiming for 10 to 15
minutes.
#START_flowerman OK, this looks
like something out of a film
noir.
Uh, rather mysterious and spooky
and foggy and it's I see it
appears to be night time because
the street lights are on. We
have a lone figure with a dog
crossing a river.
And in that river there is a
car.
Submerged under the water you
can see it, but it's underwater.
Hmm.
And.
The gas station gas station,
which is closed because it is
night.
Then on the next page or the
same, it's part of the same
picture. You've got a bar here
and all again closed.
A bait shop, so we're somewhere
near a they go fish in this
river, apparently.
And houses and there aren't any
lights on, so we know that it's
at night and there is a single,
as I say, person crossing this
bridge, the river.
And this person now is.
Headed for some place, the
houses here are several stories
tall. They appear to be made out
of stone.
Uh, with the impressive
doorways.
Ohh.
It looks as if there are people
awake on the 2nd floor of one of
the buildings and lights on in
the downstairs of the building.
And this.
There are several people out and
about.
One person looking out on a
patio of his house.
Looking down at the ground,
maybe can't sleep. Other people
who are can be seen in the
windows of their houses. Again,
maybe they're not sleeping, or
maybe they're up early. Here's a
cafe. Maybe those people are.
Maybe the people who have the
cafe also live above it and
maybe getting ready to start
their day.
There are stones on the ground.
They're fairly heavy stones as
opposed to pea gravel.
But the the street has been
prepared for some something to
go over. Apparently cars are are
to be had because we saw one in
the river. The guy over here
looks like Nixon. Ooh, that
bodes badly. OK and here's
another house that looks as if
the there's quite a bit going on
there. There's a hydrant out in
front of it, a little winding
stair. The the canopy.
Makes it look as if it's maybe a
a club of some kind and inside
of this house, Brick house.
Are people who are in stages of
undress.
And.
Hard to tell what they might be
doing. Here's somebody in
another house who looks to be
maybe playing an instrument.
He's got some music on a stand,
I believe. Hard to tell.
And it looks as if there's some
kind of maybe sunrise now.
The sky seems to be lightening
somewhat, but the street lights
are still on here. Here's
somebody asleep on the what
looks to be a fountain that is
not operating.
Maybe the fountain has shut down
and this person is lying on the
ledge of the fountain.
This man is still walking. He is
the only figure in the drawings
who is in color. Got a blue hat
and a yellow suit and a the
lease.
OK.
All right. Now we have a little
bit more in color.
This must be this man's house,
so we're apparently going to
focus on that. It has a tree in
it.
Looks as if, uh, this house is
made of uh has shutters.
And instead of being a brick
looks as if it might be a frame
building. He has a looks like a
lawn mower out in the front yard
and is taking care of his house.
People have come out now their
houses and they're walking, so
there doesn't look as if there's
much room for cars here.
Somebody is on a scooter.
And other people are walking and
these people are kind of of.
Loaded.
Uh.
They look like cartoon figures.
And with uh odd expressions, so
these women over here on the
left are looking disapproving
and generally.
Self absorbed. I would say
they've to be pretty much
functioning on their own. We've
got a person leaning against the
door over here, a clock above
it. I don't know what that
building might be, but there's a
telescope on top of it, so maybe
it's a place of historical
interest where you can go with a
roof deck for itself or for.
It looks as if it might be an
office of some kind, or a place
where people might go, rather
than a house.
And then here's a house in the
middle and beginning to see some
of these people. Well, this is
the place where that looked as
if it was kind of busy last
night. And there are some people
hanging out there. Somebody in a
looks like a delivery person
possibly. And now in the
fountain there is a fish.
That looks as if it's a.
A stone thing that he he's the
fish is going to probably shoot
some water out of his mouth.
And then we have some other
people sitting on a bench here
in the front and kind of looks
looks like it could be early
version of New York City when
people would sit out on their
Stoops and watch the world go
by.
Hmm.
Oh, we've got our man with his
house here, and he is really
taking care of things. The tree
has blossomed and has orange and
yellow leaves, and people now
are looking kind of happy on the
street. They're jovial.
Earlier, I guess it was too
early for them to be very happy
about anything. They may have
been trying to work and now the
people who are out and about
here's somebody on a scooter or
look as if they are doing things
that they're enjoying during the
day.
We've got.
People all the way up to the 4th
floor of these buildings there
seem to be very, very occupied
all of these places. Now it
appears that man who is still
has no clothes on. He may be
sitting at a table in this, in
this House, in the center, with
the place that looked as if it
was maybe a gathering place for
somewhat sinister types.
Possibly not. Maybe it's a club
where people go, and for savage
amusement.
Here is a delivery person at
this other House here with a
double door, and above that,
somebody who may live there.
Looks like an artist. He's got a
palette, what appears to be a
palette. Oh, here's a here's a
vehicle coming through.
Uh, over on the right hand side
and we've got a man Hawking what
looks to be ice cream.
Now the fish is.
Still there, but on the
fountain. But nothing is
happening with it yet.
OK, now the man who has been
taking care of his house and he
is there, things are starting to
get some color as.
People who get Peppier. He has a
visitor here and a couple of
visitors that he's talking with,
and some people in front of his
house are.
Brought to color.
Because.
It's showing a lot more life.
And of flushing out, if you
will, the way this little
village works.
Movers, yeah.
And shakers, huh? Good. Into
this one house. And the fellow
who I thought was an artist,
hard to tell what he is doing
there.
Where they are and the man with
no clothes on is also beginning
to get some color in him and
more color into the buildings.
The little boy in the his
looking at the fountain as if
he's waiting for the water to
come on.
Oh.
Now we've really got a lot of
color. This is making it look
more chaotic, certainly.
And we have a that car has now
come out and is quite a rig,
looks like a convertible, very
flashy car. It can barely get
through the street.
It's not gonna be able to go
very fast.
And it appears as if that fish
is beginning to spout some water
out of it into the fountain.
There seems to be water in the
base of the fountain now, so
it's up and running, and life is
beginning to.
Happen. Here is a milk truck
coming to the house where the
man has taken care of his house.
He looks as if he's aged quite a
bit, so this may be happening
over quite a period of time.
Looks as if he's got a wife
there and a little girl who I
thought was a visitor but must
be his daughter and then some
boys who looked to be about her
age.
Teenagers. Maybe by now. And so
this is a a time capsule I think
of this town.
And we have on this place on the
left with the telescope up
there. And now somebody's put
some flowers out and seems to be
trying to grow things up on the
roof. And it looks like a Garret
below that and a small place.
But people seem to be quite
happy here who we've got a
couple dancing in the street.
Literally dancing in the street.
Yeah. And in that.
House that looked like a.
A brothel or something. The man
now is.
See, I can't tell if he's what
he's got in his hand. He still
has no clothes on and some
people way up on top top here
looking out from a balcony.
So everybody, this this is a
very.
There's a lot of going on and a
lot of people living here is
really full of people and they
seem to be very happy. They're
smiling.
Mostly men.
Almost all men, as a matter of
fact. It's strange, isn't it?
Looks like maybe a woman here by
the car with red hair.
And here's another one over here
on this side. So things are
happening in this little place
and it looks like quite a happy
little place with the cola sign,
so it's fairly recent.
In the last century or so, yeah,
ohh OK. It looks as if it's
getting darker in the day. So
the day is going by and the man
in his house with the purple
roof have has gone in, probably
to take a nap.
And other there's another car in
the street there. The tree is
blossoming. Oh, now there's
somebody up here with a
telescope. He looks like some
kind of scientist, maybe with
his white beard.
Then there's another guy up on
the.
Up on the House.
uh has moved in there.
Apparently they moved, that
moving van came and somebody has
taken over that place and looks
as if they've renovated it to
some extent where the artist was
or the musician.
The room has been painted red,
yeah, and now we have a number
of spots of red, red orange.
That draw the attention.
Fish is now in full force with
his water.
In the.
The pool there. And people's
running through the streets, so
the cars are gone pretty much,
and people are amusing
themselves.
Uh, however they feel they're
laughing and joking and talking
and.
Smiling and everybody seems to
be everything seems to be
focused now on house, where
maybe the Madam has come out
onto the steps.
Fire hydrant is still there.
Anyway, OK.
Now night is falling. There are
people have dwindling, are
dwindling on the streets. People
seem to be in their houses, and
maybe.
Not quite as.
Chaotic and convivial, whatever.
But still happy. Here's a group
out on their back patio.
And uh.
This is just another view of the
place this is.
Ah, here we have this is a. It
turns out to be a horse with a
rider on it. Maybe this is a
different, probably a different
pool pond.
Fountain in the middle of the
street. So this is a different
part of the city.
Little bit more.
uh stores and commercial. The
others seem to be more where
people were living. This has got
a.
Can't read it. Maybe it's a
cafe.
Yeah, over here.
Turn on the street lights are
on, so it's be it's coming on
toward dinner time. That's
probably people are eating.
OK.
And night is falling, and we are
returning to the darkness.
Uh, somebody is here in the
fountain who it looks a little
down and out and there's no
water in it. He's got a dog. Was
probably not his dog. The dog
is.
Wandering in the street I would
say, and here's our man again
who was still in color. He is so
he is weathered the thing and is
still very happy. He's got
something in his hand, looks
like maybe a light.
can't tell exactly. And people
are in where he is, or seem to
be happy to see him.
He's come to visit them.
And here is somebody who's
offering him a flower. And he is
the one in the House that has
the flowers on the top. And he's
gone by. Oh no he's given her
the flower, as there as he goes
by and he's got a dog with him,
for the dog has taken up with
him.
Uh, and he's gone by and he's
given a flower to this little
girl who's come out of the
house, and her father has a
flower too, so he's given them
each a flower.
And then we had they're happy to
have seen him. #END_flowerman
OK, that was the story.
So then.
I realize it would be more
helpful if I let you know also
the pages of the story, so that
with the time and the total
pages you might be easier to
estimate.
Yes. I have no idea what time
I'm supposed to be using. OK,
yeah. So then next time I will
let you know the number of pages
that.
It would take for you to do.
Then for the single pages it
will always be 3 to 5 minutes.
OK, OK.
So I'm going to the next one is
a one page complex scene.
So we'll go from there.
So this is a one complex scene.
One page complex scene. Um, you
can start whenever you're ready.
I'll let you know when it's 3
minutes, but you have.
Up to around 5 minutes to finish
everything.
You want me to start? Whenever
you're ready.
#START_deep_sea_divers OK. This
is the deep sea divers. Wow.
And there are a lot of boats up
on top of the water.
They all are fishing for.
The deep sea divers are down on
the bottom of the floor along
with some fish, some kind of
mean looking fish and octopus
down there.
Uh.
There's a hand that looks like
it's growing on the on the
bottom.
And here are a number of fish
that are making a face.
Red fish the outline of the face
with a couple of eyes, nose and
a mouth.
Um, there are fish in.
Formation of arrows there are
there there are fish in
formation of a fish.
The deep sea divers are anywhere
from the very bottom to the very
top. There's many people are
swimming around in the in the
water, so they're on the top of
the water all the way down to
the bottom.
And they and the fish are
intermingling.
The deep sea divers have
harpoons. What looked to be
harpoons, though I don't see
anybody right now who has
speared, for example, a fish.
There probably are some, but I
can't see them.
Here is a what looks like a
Tarpon.
The long snout, who does not
appear to be threatening the
divers who are coming right at
him. I mean, they're, they're
trying to touch his.
nose rather than being fleeing.
Uh, and here's somebody. Here's
a fish with a net.
So they are interchangeable in
their roles, fish and fishermen.
People on the top in the boats
who seem to be somebody has one
of the divers has gone left his
boat. Apparently there's a boat
with nobody in it seems to be.
And others there are fishing off
of the rocks that are not
submerged in the water.
And.
Catching something can't tell if
it's a diver or a fish.
Uh.
There is a boat with a sail on
it. The other boats seem to be
pretty much self-propelled, or
with oars I should say.
{That's three minutes.
What's that? That was three
minutes.} OK, here's a great big
fish with a big mouth who is
maybe about to swallow one of
the divers. It looks like that,
but he's practically at the
water The top of the water.
Maybe he is some form of whale
would even look at all like a
whale, but he might be.
taking that role.
Here's a bunch of jellyfish.
It's about everything that could
be here, which doesn't make a
lot of sense because I don't
think that a lot of these fish
live that way, but what do I
know?
Here's a it looks like a a chest
down at the very bottom.
With some somebody in it, a
fish. A fish is in the chest.
Somebody, one of the divers has
opened that to find a fish in
there. That must be his hiding
place.
The fair the boats are all have
stripes on them.
Hmm.
Something you don't see in real
life. Nope.
There's a fish here, looks like
a lion. I guess there is such
thing as a lion dish, but the
lion doesn't look like that.
#END_deep_sea_divers
OK.
Anything else you want to say
about this scene? No, no. OK,
cool. Good.
This one is also a complex
scene.
Yeah. Do you need need to take a
minute to because we've been
through a lot of items. How are
you doing? I'm. I'm OK. OK,
we'll take a break after two
more. OK. Can I get done a
little bit before 12?
OK, good. I've got a class at
12:30 and I've got to have
breakfast before I go to leave.
OK, sounds good.
OK, so.
Again, just start when you're
ready.
#START_campsite OK.
This is.
A campground.
RV's.
And tents. There's areas for the
tents and area for the RV's and
a canal going down the center of
it.
With a ferry boat and people on
it who look to be bodybuilders.
Fish in here and people fishing
along the side of the canal.
There is a bridge over the canal
to from the area of the tents.
There's also an area of.
Bulls. I guess those are bulls
and what it looks like, people
who may be thinking of fighting
them. Boy, that's hard to say.
That looks like just a cow on
this one. And people are looking
at them. They're not looking as
adversarial at all. So maybe
those are.
Livestock. Why they are they
there, but they are.
And then we have some people who
are crawling. These must be
prisoners. No, they've got
backpacks on and they're
crawling along the ground.
In one section.
Why?
Hard to say.
The people are going over the
bridge, looking down the canal.
Here's a there are some animals.
There's a dog, a person on a
bicycle.
So it's a day of when people are
out amusing themselves in the in
this camping area.
Here it looks like a bunch of
scouts. Boy Scouts on one side
who are maybe getting a badge
for something they're lying
around or saluting.
Uh.
As I say there are fish in this
river and for whatever reason
they are have their heads out of
the water.
There's a bunch of hikers here
with Staffs or walking sticks.
One of the tents has collapsed.
Looks as if.
On people, although maybe
they've done it deliberately,
they probably have because
they're not. Don't seem to be
upset about it. The people who
are near the tent, maybe they're
just getting ready to leave.
Here's another one of the dog
and some people with a teepee.
Four are relaxing outside of
that.
And here's a family with six
children and another group near
their tent. They're just out
there relaxing on chairs.
Umm.
They look like scouts uh some of
these campers, the way they're
dressed, so maybe there's some
kind of.
They're looking to to improve
their camping skills maybe.
Here is a group of people with
bicycles and a unison, a
unicycle or whatever you call
that, with the top with the high
wheel over outside, walking on
the street beyond the
campground, the area of the
RV's.
And beyond that is appear to be
fields.
And some people out in the
fields, but.
Generally it's a campground, a
meeting place for.
People who are interested in
that kind of thing.
{OK, that was 4 minutes.
OK.}
We have a bunch of hikers here
with their Staffs over on this
side that are near oh, here's a
guy with a whip.
All of these people are are
crawling along them and that's
that's difficult to say what's
going on there.
Because nobody is doing anything
about it. It doesn't appear that
he anybody is hurting anyone.
But it's hard to speculate why
that would be happening, why
these people are crawling and
they look as if they're in pain.
Some of them.
Yeah.
That's inscrutable.
And then some of them are going
into.
Looks like a.
Maybe a jail?
I I don't know. It's.
Difficult to tell. #END_campsite
OK, so now let's take a break
and we'll come back at um.
OK. Moving on to the next item,
this is a story and you will see
six slides.
And please take between 10 and
15 minutes.
For those six sites, it's a
story. Go through what you see
and what is happening.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 It's.
It looks as if there is some
kind of a creature getting into
this.
A little pot.
On the.
Shelf where a man is writing a
letter and folding it up and
making it into a flying object,
a bird.
Um.
Origami type thing and putting
it into an envelope along with
some money.
Sealing it up.
I see. Oh, here we are. OK now
the man has dressed and has
taken this.
With him he is.
Got a
a creature with him that he's
looks like a giant mouse.
And he is asking directions from
a woman who has.
A cat in a basket? I think
that's a cat. At least the tail
looks like one, unless it's her
tail.
Anyway, he goes to a post office
box and mails his letter, looks
up at the sky.
And I see and this box is
connected to a balloon. So his
letter is going off in a
balloon, is being carried away
in a balloon and he is walking
along with his.
Giant mouse.
And this looks like the lifespan
of four different.
Species of a plant.
First one is a leaf. It's in the
ground. It rains on it and it
splits it, and it has a center
that comes out that blossoms, if
you will.
The other and next one is a.
It starts out as a flower with a
long stem and the it's in sand
appears to be sand and the sand
comes up around it.
Uh.
Deepening for whatever reason,
and you can see it more closely
that it has.
It evolves over and has a kind
of looks kind of prickly and
then feathery and then it
solidifies.
OK.
And now maybe this is it's a
continuing on. I think this
same.
Oh, I see here the this is one
one thing and it spawned from
its beginning it.
Continues on from the top to the
2nd row. So this is one piece
and then it goes on in the third
row to become more solid and
then it develops 6 petals or
seeds or.
Which fall on the on the ground,
on the sand, and then it itself
turns black. It appears to have
accomplished its mission.
And then it.
Begins to disintegrate and
leaves at the end only a
skeleton of itself.
We have a city here in.
The shadows.
Uh.
It has.
Several.
Areas of it several levels looks
as if there may be a bridge,
river possibly.
There's certainly a walkway.
There's a person on that walk,
people on that walkway.
And it's hard to see if there is
any kind of traffic other than
people.
Then we see.
Another view of this same city.
Uh.
From a different angle and it
appears as though there are
trees and a roadway coming into
this city.
Several edifices, this
triangular thing, like a big
teepee.
See that over on the left hand
side. This is just a looks as if
it might be just a blow up of
it.
And we get to see a little
closer that this is made up of
what appeared to be dishes.
Just shapes the things you might
find in your kitchen.
Yeah.
OK, now we have this creature
lighting on the pot.
It looks to be some kind of an
insect.
It is in the window sill.
Where a man lives and he's
sitting on his bed.
And also on that window sill.
Is the.
Mouse.
Somewhere between an elephant
and a mouse.
And he hears it, apparently. It
starts to move and he is looking
at a photograph, but he turns
around to see where it is and it
sees it go down a hatch, like
opening with a stair a ladder.
And he goes down the ladder to
see what it is. And the mouse
has found this letter that.
has come in through a slot
outside.
He picks up, the mouse notifies
him, in other words, that the
letter has come, and he sees the
letter, and in it is the bird
that the man has made out of his
letter. He reads the letter and
he looks up.
OK.
Here is a.
An insect somewhere between the
mouse and the insect could be a
mouse that has somebody has made
out of folded paper.
And it is.
Then put into the lid of a
triangular shape.
Pot.
Then we have a hat hanging on a
peg.
The.
This is growing in a bowl. It's
whatever it is.
With the twists and curlicues
and we have a bag of.
Picture of a drawing of this
bird.
Uh.
Has roughly the same shape as
the mouse, as a boat as an
insect, and then we have the
with the star which is again
repeated that triangular shape.
In a circular form, which we've
seen. Oh, I see this is.
OK, it's hard to say which way
these are going.
Then.
it's a
Looks like a key somewhere
between a.
Hard to tell what that is. It
seems to be some kind of a.
Grinder and maybe then you with
a handle on the top and a place
for a spout for whatever is
inside to be ground and to come
out of that spout. And another
part to this is a maybe a lid.
With a.
Like a can opener.
Then we have on this side a cup
with a tail coming out of it.
And a newspaper. And then we
have a photograph of a man, a
woman and a little girl.
Then we have a hand putting a
coin into a smaller hand.
Not sure how those connect, but
here they are. Ah, now we're
going to see them all now
together. Ah I see. There's the
family, the mother wearing a
housecoat, the father wearing a
suit apparently ready to go to
work, and the little girl. And
he is holding up his hand.
To show the little girl.
It's similar to whatever that is
that's growing on the table and
is growing in the bowl in front
of her or that she's eating in
the bowl in front of her and the
fish.
Mouse fish combined with a
mouse.
That looks to be the family pet.
And the little girl is going
with the family pet down a long
flight of stairs. Maybe she's
going to school. Looks as if
she's got a jacket on.
Then she's putting on her boots,
so here ok we probably have to
start with her getting dressed.
So she's putting on her boots
and getting her hat. The little
creature is waiting for her.
She has a hat on with this motif
is circular again. Here she's
outside with showing the the pet
some things on the ground and
then she's.
Sending off a circular lit thing
that's kind of a magic
Message, I would say.
#END_arrival_6
OK.
So that was the story that took
about 10 minutes. That was
great.
OK, so next one is just one
complex scene. Again, please
take between three and five
minutes and I'll let you know
when it's 3 minutes.
#START_picture_this OK, we have
here what appear to be a number
of drawings in frames.
Most of them are rectangular,
but some.
Uh.
are
They have some kind of shape to
them other than that, but mostly
rectangular.
And they are a people's faces of
people's bodies.
Uh.
The full shape of a person.
Here's what looks like a
rhinoceros, one a couple of
people and another some warriors
with Spears.
Here's another one with the.
Looks as if somebody is bringing
some.
Somebody put on another person
to he looks like a bodybuilder.
We have another person who has
prostate, prostrate, prostrate,
maybe doing some praying with a
loincloth on.
Uh.
Somebody in a robe.
Maybe some kind of religious
figure. Here's another one
carrying somebody with a looks
like a Viking dressed like a
Viking as a Viking.
With horns on his head and we
have some animals, there's looks
like a donkey, some fish. Here's
one a fish with two headed fish.
We have a dinosaur over here, or
a kind of a reptile creature
over here on the left. We have a
what looks like a dog who's
sitting looking for a treat.
And here's a couple of people on
an arrow. They are on a rocket
ship.
One dressed in red, one in blue.
Uh, wouldn't that be nice if we
had anything like that
resembling xxx.
Umm.
There is a looks like a cactus
running cactus.
We have a person with a green
spotted.
uh animal looks like friendly.
Here's another bodybuilder type,
and here's somebody with the
fingers with many rings on them.
So.
Somebody with a hat during a
revolutionary period. Here's a
couple of sumo wrestlers.
{That was 3 minutes.
You can finish up if you have
more to say.}
Well, here's a profile. Not a
profile, but a silhouette of
somebody in white on blue.
Here is another with somebody
with a long string off their
head. #END_picture_this It's
very hard to see these.
I'm supposed to have good
vision, but boy, it's hard to,
you know, they're very small.
Yeah, and then I.
That's where the glasses are.
So.
Yeah.
Where you out these things,
don't they?
OK.
Yeah.
That was good. So then the next
one you will see 4 pics, four
slides.
Similar to the previous story
that you told. And so please
take between 10 to 15 minutes as
you describe the story.
#START_arrival_5 Well, here it
looks like a big owl presiding
over a city.
This may be a temple.
It looks as if it's a structure
of some kind, but it's made to
look like an owl, and there's a
smaller one below him.
And then there are more of.
Buildings and then boats on
ramps that are ready to go into
the water, it appears.
Unless they are waiting for
water to come and float them
away.
And there are other.
Buildings in the background that
appear to be faces of some kind.
Oh those are more owls. I see
the beaks on them now.
So.
Man has an object that looks
like a cat. It's a peat object,
and he's tying a rope around its
neck.
Living in conversation.
With another man and there's a.
Here is that creature again
between the mouse and the.
Fish, yeah.
The family pet.
And a young boy with a tray of
food looks like vegetables that
he's bringing to a woman.
And she gives him a big hug.
And.
No, that's not him. That's her.
She's giving it to her husband,
yes, and this other person is
coming in to visit them.
And she now has something to
serve him.
And she invites him in and they
all drink to whatever it is
they're drinking to. She has
the.
There's food for him.
With some shapes that resemble
the family pet.
And.
Looks like uh, some kind of uh.
Bakery goods.
in their fashion.
Into a fruit looks like it might
be a fruit in a circular.
Shape, and now she's grating
something with her grater
grinder
Thing.
And then painting on putting a
glaze on some of these
vegetables that she has in her
bowl.
And here they are at the table,
the man, his wife, the visitor
and the young boy who brought
the tray of vegetables.
Looks as if the husband, appears
to be trying to.
Heat or or burn or toast the
things that are in the bowl.
Cooking them and the little boy
is giving a treat to the family
pet. There Here's the cat too,
the cat that original woman had
in her basket.
They are at the table and they
are talking.
Among themselves, talking and
laughing and the husband.
Gets out a.
An accordion type instrument.
And the wife gets out what looks
like a flute like instrument,
and little boy gets out of what
looks like a banjo.
So strings and percussion and
woodwind, yeah.
And they are.
This is the visitor has a paper,
looks as if it's a folded paper,
and he makes out of the folded
paper something. A creature with
a tail looks like a little fox.
And gives it to the little boy.
Little Boy has acquired a hat.
Not sure where the hat came
from. And they father as
bringing out a bowl. These like
a magic bowl it seems, and he
and the wife offer this to.
Probably to the visitor in
return for the cat the the paper
cat.
The bowl returns to its place on
the table and now is in a
picture.
Uh, in we're seeing it up close
and but it turns out that it is
in fact in a picture frame.
Little boy wakes up.
He's grown up.
And he has his.
Family pet there. He's saying
good morning to it. Gets
dressed, cuts a gourd.
Shaped similarly to his pet.
And is preparing to eat that and
offer it to the pet. He then
puts a coat on and leaves and
the the as. As he is leaving the
family pet offers him the hat.
He's off into the city with all
the other working people who
have brought their pets with
them. One of them has what looks
like a duck here.
And he has his pet.
He is wearing a hat as so many
other people are, but his hat
looks particularly stylish.
There are people working on the
street, they've got a they're
pulling on a rope.
Or a bar or something. And
here's another fish.
A guy who's selling fish he's
taken out of a basket. Here is
what looked like the cafe.
And people are selling these
strangely shaped objects.
I don't know what they're doing,
whether they're exchanging money
for something, and it looks as
if they're offering this to the
barmaid, but it's hard to tell.
Then we have somebody else here
with a round again our motif of
the triangle and the and the
circle.
Looks like it might be something
that is can be made to rotate.
And then we have a person
painting on the wall here with a
paint brush and then another
person.
With a cart.
That she has her wares in it.
Our fellow who is
With the hat and pet goes to.
Is asking somebody who looks
like a Baker.
for something and the guy is
saying no.
And he goes to somebody else who
looks to be He might be a clock
maker or some kind of a
machinist, and he's telling him
no.
And that he goes to another
place. Looks like it might be a
ceramic place that has a bunch
of cats.
Uh.
Objects in within bowls.
And she is saying no. Are they
saying they don't know what he's
talking about or haven't seen
that? I'm not sure.
And again, he is asking somebody
who looks to be near an
airplane.
He's got his pet with him and
the other fellow has a pet with
him and he is telling him no or
he's telling him.
Try someplace else.
OK, not not, not coming across
for me. #END_arrival_5
All right. So that was the
story.
I'm going to.